[JENKINS-57456] User language prefer setting support (#8)
jenkinsci/locale-plugin: README.md

To additionally force this language on all users, overriding their browser language,
you can check the "Ignore browser preference and force this language to all users" option.

If you want to have a different language setting for your user, please configure a custom locale in your profile settings page.

> This feature needs to be firstly enabled by the Jenkins instance admins in global settings.

Reviewer: why?

Reviewer 2: Admins may want to  enforce the locale on the instance. E.g. it would be my approach

To additionally force this language on all users, overriding their browser language,
you can check the "Ignore browser preference and force this language to all users" option.

> If you want to have a different language setting, please enter your user setting page,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to have a different language setting for your user, please configure a custom locale in your profile settings page.
This feature needs to be firstly enabled by the Jenkins instance admins in global settings.
```

> than 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
